Calendar aligned timeframe feature (#20553)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/functions/timeshift.md

{{< img src="dashboards/functions/timeshift/simple_month_before_example.png" alt="simple month before example" style="width:80%;">}}

> ### Month before calendar shift

Author: Yea, unfortunately, this feature is accessible under the month_before function, but I'll change the images to make this point clearer!

| Function           | Description                                                                                   | Example                            |
|:-------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------|
| `calendar_shift()` | Graph values from the previous day, week, or month from the current timestamp for the metric. | `calendar_shift(<METRIC_NAME>{*})` |

> The calendar shift compares the same metrics on the same timeframe (February 15 compared to March 15). Here is an example of cloud cost metric `aws.cost.net.amortized` with the calendar_shift() value from a month ago compared to the current value.

Author: ```suggestion
The calendar shift allows you to compare the same metric across equivalent timeframes. For example, using the calendar shift function on March 15 for a month ago gives the metric value on February 15. Here is an example of cloud cost metric `aws.cost.net.amortized` with the calendar_shift() value from a month ago compared to the current value.
```
